British English Academy.
A2 listening activity.
Course: A2 Everyday English.
Module 1: Daily Life and Social Communication.
Lesson 3: Daily Life and Social Communication: Reading Lesson 3.
Listen and repeat the useful phrases.
Listen to the short text. Focus on the main idea and the key details.
Learning objective: Learners can describe, compare and exchange simple information in a reading task about health.
Today you will practise language connected to health.
Target language: comparatives.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise reading for daily life and social communication. You will learn useful language connected to health and practise comparatives. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A2 level.